good
after the Russian and the US ambassador
walked into the meeting together
foreshadowing the security council's
first action on the war in Gaza while
both raised their hands to abstain on
the vote their agreement stopped there
the council passed a resolution focused
on children calling for humanitarian
pauses of unspecified but sufficient
duration to get Aid to Gaza and the
immediate release of all being held
captive Russia said it was too little
too late and called for stronger
language our Amendment calling for
humanitarian truce is consistently along
the lines of the stated aim of the
authors of the text to preserve its
purely humanitarian nature this is the
lowest common denominator lower than
which the council simply cannot allow
itself to
fall Palestine also said the resolution
didn't go far enough I should even say
you have been demanding from Israel to
respect international law for decades
and it has dismissed your calls and
continued its crimes against the
Palestinian people did you ever hold it
accountable are you going to hold it
accountable for rejecting your
resolution you adopted this afternoon
the US ambassador bemon the fact that it
took so long for the council to act
failing to mention that she V to an
identical resolution four weeks ago it
had the same omissions it had the same
call for a humanitarian pause why wait
until 4,000 children were dead this was
a resolution that specifically addressed
the humanitarian needs uh the other
resolutions uh did not those other
resolutions were political uh
resolutions and as I said uh this
resolution is a huge step forward the UN
wasn't waiting for the the security
Council to deliver its Aid to Gaza it's
been negotiating with Israel directly on
a daily basis for expanded access and
its officials calling for an immediate
humanitarian
ceasefire now if Israel fails to comply
it will be in violation of the
resolution as well as International
humanitarian law Kristen salumi Al jazer
the United
Nations make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
zer